[ASL Reference] fixes following review (#1859)
herd/herdtools7: asllib/doc/Statements.tex

\listingref{typing-sdecl} shows well-typed declaration statements.
\ASLListing{Typing declaration statements}{typing-sdecl}{\typingtests/TypingRule.SDecl.asl}

> The specifications in \listingref{typing-sdecl-bad1} are ill-typed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specification in \listingref{typing-sdecl-bad1} is ill-typed,
```
